Draft: Fix behaviour of Figure.clear() for SubplotParams (#27183)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/users/next_whats_new/subplots_adjust.rst

subplots_adjust has a new ``kwarg``: ``rc_default``
---------------------------------------------------

`.Figure.subplots_adjust` and `.pyplot.subplots_adjust` have a new ``kwarg``:
``rc_default`` that determines the default values for the subplot parameters.

> The `.figure.SubplotParams` object has a new get method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.gridspec.SubplotParams` object has a new get method
```

This has moved canonical location (and is part of why the doc build is failing)

The second reference on line 10 is also flagging, and may need scoping.

Resetting the subplot parameters for figure.clear()
---------------------------------------------------

When calling `.Figure.clear()` the settings for `.gridspec.SubplotParams` are restored to the default values.

> The `.gridspec.SubplotParams` object has a new method to get the subplot parameters :meth:`~.SubplotParams.to_dict` and a
> method to reset the parameters to the defaults :meth:`~.SubplotParams.reset`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:meth:`~.SubplotParams.to_dict` is a new method to get the subplot parameters for a gridspec, 
and :meth:`~.SubplotParams.reset` resets the parameters to the defaults.
```

Resetting the subplot parameters for figure.clear()
---------------------------------------------------

When calling `.Figure.clear()` the settings for `.gridspec.SubplotParams` are restored to the default values.

The `.gridspec.SubplotParams` object has a new method to get the subplot parameters :meth:`~.SubplotParams.to_dict` and a
method to reset the parameters to the defaults :meth:`~.SubplotParams.reset`

> (contributed by @eendebakpt based on work by @fredrik-1)

Reviewer 2: We don't have "(contributed by..)" in the what's new

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: If you want to acknowledge someone, add their GitHub email to the commit message (which I admit is hard to find sometimes).
